Updated the clustering file (#50)
vert-x3/vertx-4-migration-guide: asciidoc/modules/con_mg_migrating-clusters.adoc

[id="migrating_clusters_{context}"]

= Migrating clusters

> It is important to decide the migration strategy for your codebase in a cluster. This is because you cannot add {VertX} {v3x} nodes and {VertX} {v4} nodes together in a single cluster for the following reasons: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to decide the migration strategy for your codebase. This is because you cannot add {VertX} {v3x} nodes and {VertX} {v4} nodes together in a single cluster for the following reasons:
```

> * Cluster manager upgrades - Major version upgrades in cluster managers prevent breaking (non-backward compatibility) changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cluster manager upgrades - Major version upgrades in cluster managers prevent backward compatibility.
```

> * Cluster manager upgrades - If there are major version upgrades in cluster managers, they may not have support all features for backward compatibility. You will have to check the updates in cluster managers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cluster manager upgrades - major version upgrades in cluster managers prevent with non backward-compatible changes
```

> * Subscription data changes - If the information stored in subscription maps or caches is no longer the same in the cluster manager versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Subscription data changes - {VertX} has changed the format of the EventBus subscription data stored in cluster managers. 
```

> * Transport protocol changes - If some fields in the message transport protocol have changed in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transport protocol changes - {VertX} has changed some fields in the message transport protocol in the cluster.
```

If you have a {VertX} cluster for a single application or for some closely related microservices, you can migrate the entire codebase to the new cluster at one time.

However, if you cannot migrate the codebase at one time, use the recommendations in this section to migrate a {VertX} {v3x} codebase to {VertX} {v4}.

== Splitting the cluster

> If you have a cluster where different teams have deployed verticles for their applications, you can consider splitting the {VertX} {v3x} cluster into smaller ones. Note that after splitting the cluster, the separated components will not be able to communicate using the clustering features. You can splitthe cluster using the following XXX:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a cluster where different teams have deployed verticles for their applications, you can consider splitting the {VertX} {v3x} cluster into smaller ones. Note that after splitting the cluster, the separated components will not be able to communicate using the clustering features. You can split the cluster using the following XXX:
```

Reviewer: What does XXX stand for?

* EventBus request and reply - HTTP/RESTful web services, gRPC
* EventBus send and publish - Messaging systems such as, {AMQ}, Postgres `LISTEN` and `NOTIFY`, Redis Pub and Sub

> * Shared Data - Redis, Infinispan, {Hazelcast}

Reviewer: Shouldn't the comma and following space be part of the `Hazelcast` variable? Otherwise if the variable is not set there will be a trailing comma

Reviewer 2: just remove the implementation names and avoid using variables for that.

Reviewer 2: meaning that having a variable just to avoid hazelcast or redis looks awkward

> * EventBus send and publish - Messaging systems such as, Kafka, Postgres `LISTEN` and `NOTIFY`, Redis Pub and Sub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* EventBus send and publish - Messaging systems such as Apache Kafka or Apache ActiveMQ, Postgres `LISTEN` and `NOTIFY`, Redis Pub and Sub
```

Author: As discussed, adding an attribute to show "Apache Kafka or Apache ActiveMQ" only in community documentation.

> * Shared Data - Redis, Infinispan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Shared Data - Redis, Infinispan, Hazelcast
```

Author: As discussed, adding an attribute to show "Hazelcast" only in community documentation.

> When you split the cluster, each team can move to {VertX} {v4} when they are ready or if it is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you split the cluster, each team can move to {VertX} {v4} when they are ready or if it is needed.
```

== Using {VertX} EventBus Link

> If you cannot split your cluster, then use https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-eventbus-link[Vert.x EventBus Link] to migrate your codebase incrementallyXXX.

Reviewer: XXX ?

Author: @tsegismont to migrate your codebase **incrementally**
This rephrase is ok?- -> incrementally?

Vert.x EventBus Link is a tool that connects a {VertX} {v3x} clustered EventBus to a {VertX} {v4} clustered EventBus.

WARNING: The migration of shared data API, that is, maps, counters and locks is not supported.

> The tool creates an `EventBusLink` object that implements the `EventBus` interface. An instance of `EventBusLink` is created on one node of each cluster. The instance is created by providing a set of addresses and its behavior depends on the message paradigmXXX:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool creates an `EventBusLink` object that implements the `EventBus` interface. An instance of `EventBusLink` is created on at least one node of each cluster. The instance is created by providing a set of addresses and its behavior depends on the message paradigmXXX:
```

Reviewer: XXX ?

> * _fire and forget_ and _request/reply_ - The message is sent (XXX instaed of forwarded) to the remote cluster which delegates (XXX what?) to the {VertX} EventBus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _fire and forget_ and _request/reply_ - The message is sent to the remote cluster
```

> * _publish_ - The message is sent (XXX instaed of forwarded) to the remote cluster and to the {VertX} EventBus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _publish_ - The message is sent to both this cluster and the remote cluster.
```

The {VertX} EventBus Link creates a WebSocket server to receive messages and uses a WebSocket client to send them.

> See the sections link:https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-eventbus-linkdocumentation for more details.

Reviewer: There are references to the different sections missing, I think

Author: Updated the links.
